Translation corrections (#128)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_011.txt

//rウェイトレスさんが立ち去ってから、顔を確かめた藤堂くんは小さな声で教えてくれた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ウェイトレスさんが立ち去ってから、顔を確かめた藤堂くんは小さな声で教えてくれた。",

> 			NULL, "Toudou-kun checked the waitress' face as she left and spoke quietly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Toudou-kun checked the waitress's face as she left and spoke quietly.", Line_Normal);
```

//r……ほら。藤堂くん、気づいてる？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "……ほら。藤堂くん、気づいてる？",
			NULL, "......I knew it. Toudou-kun, did you notice?", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r私には内緒なのに、…どうして千紗登ちゃんには話してるの？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私には内緒なのに、…どうして千紗登ちゃんには話してるの？",

> 			NULL, "Even though you kept it secret from me... why did you tell to Chisato-chan?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Even though you kept it secret from me... why did you tell Chisato-chan?", Line_Normal);
```

//rじくじくじくじくと、まるで心が火で焼かれるように、熱くただれてゆく。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "じくじくじくじくと、まるで心が火で焼かれるように、熱くただれてゆく。",

> 			NULL, "It began boiling hot as if my heart were on fire.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It became boiling hot, as if my heart was on fire.", Line_Normal);
```
